# Fraud Dectection Report


## Part 1
If we are basing the potential for fraud to be directly correlated to a high number of small transactions then I would have to say that more than half of the cardholders are potentially at risk for fraud. Thirteen cardholders have fifteen or more transactions under two dollars which means they are potentially all at risk.  I would need to look at more data associated with these cardholders in order to better detect fraudulant transactions.

Out of 3500 transactions 419 of them occur between the hours of 7AM and 9AM.  Therefore, 1 in 8 transactions occur during those hours, which seems relatively average. If all mulitple transactions occured between these hours on the same day it may indicated fraud but it looks as though all 419 transactions occur on different days. That being said. it does look like cardholder ID 1 and cardholder ID 16 have multiple very high transactions during the hours of 7AM and 9AM. Cardholder ID 1 and cardholder ID 16 should both be contacted to verify their purchases.


## Part 2
I did observe a large deviation in the spending habits of cardholder ID 2 and cardholder ID 18.  Cardholder ID 2 has transactions that do not vary much in amount whereas cardholder ID 18 has serveral very high spikes in his transaction data.  This indicates that cardholer ID 2 is a very fiscally responsible and does not make any large purchases.  Cardholder ID 18 either makes one large purchase 8-10 times a year or this is an indication of fraud. Cardholder ID 18 should be contacted to verify these purchases.

After analyzing the transaction data for cardholder ID 25, it has come to my attention that there are several outlying transactions within the first six months of 2018. All months with the exception of February had anywhere from 1-3 outlying charges. May also differs from the other months in that q3 is over two hundred dollars more than any other.  While June is not the only month with three large purchases, the max purchase is five hundred dollars more than any other month. Since cardholder ID 25 is worried about large transactions in Q1, I agree that there are two that look suspicious, one in January and one in March. These two transactions are over a thousand dollars more than the upper fence for the rest of that month. It also looks like these large transactions are continuing into Q2 and becoming more frequent, with an increase of up to 3 times per month. It looks to me that whoever has been using the coorporate card without permission is getting more bold.